Put some hdk functions behind unstable flag (#4371)
holochain/holochain: crates/holochain/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - The following HDK functions have been temporarily removed as "unstable". They can be re-enabled by building Holochain with the "unstable-hdk-functions" feature flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following HDK functions have been removed from the default feature set as "unstable". They can be re-enabled by building Holochain with the "unstable-hdk-functions" feature flag:
```
